# CS-255

	The software design documents you will see showcase a client identified as DriverPass. DriverPass recognizes that many soon to be drivers struggle to pass both the written and hands on portion of the driving tests for licensing. Thus, the client wished to provide an application that would provide these up-and-coming drivers with the practice and know how to pass on their first attempts. The client wished the application to be designed with a cloud-based server that was accessible on any computer or mobile device. The client wished to provide online study material and practice tests along with scheduled reservation system for hands-on driving instruction. Finally, the client wished to see the application connected to the DMV for up-to-date policies and material.
	I believe that throughout the design documents I was able to capture the client’s major objectives well. The client had some very clearly described visions for their application. I believe that throughout the analysis and design I was able to incorporate nearly all the major goals the client identified. These goals included items such as the ability to remove packages, the ability to control employee user privileges, DMV interconnectivity, and user enabled password reset. If I could revise portions of this project, it would be the project one design document. After continuing to learn and develop the system I feel as though that portion of the project has many points of redundant and unnecessary information. I additionally feel that some areas of the requirements could have been better categorized and specific. The final two major areas I see for growth are the assumptions section and Gantt chart. There are certainly more assumptions to be had with a system of this magnitude than the two that are provided. The Gantt chart was somewhat limited by the software template used and ideally this section could be more accurately described regarding time.
	As described above I feel I was able to do a very good job of including the client’s major needs into the system. It is vital for any application design that the user needs be identified and met. The whole reason for the project is often defined in the user needs and as such is the lifeline of any project. In this case there was a transcript of an interview that was utilized to gather most of the information for the user needs. After information gathering and analysis the user needs were then used to drive the ideas of the application. I feel that this is important as previously stated meeting these user needs will often define success or failure for the project.
	There are countless strategies to designing software with varying degrees of success and fitting for differing scenarios. However, without going into vast detail I feel there are a few ideas to keep in mind for all projects. First, is that as discussed earlier user needs must be identified, understood, and met to some degree. The first two portions of this are often easy as interviews, reviews, study groups, or analysis may often be used to gather and understand these needs. However, to meet these needs it is recommended that you allow them do guide development in some way. In other words, utilize a strategy such as use case designs that will help to target these needs and find ways to meet them. In my studies I have found that often a versatile and flexible software design strategy such as Agile to work best. This allows for the development team to work as a well-organized cohesive group that will drive development forward while also allowing for alterations if needed. Software development like any project development will often run into roadblocks and it is best to anticipate and have methods of dealing with these as opposed to acting as if they will not happen. 
